Everybody say strong faith.
Yeah, as your pastor who loves you, I want you in 2026 to grow spiritually like never before.
That should be our number one priority as a Christian personal spiritual growth.
And the reason why I want that for you and me this year is because real fulfillment doesn't come from sex, salary,
or status.
Real fulfillment doesn't come from achievement.
How many people do you know who set goals, achieve them, and they're still unfulfilled?
Real fulfillment, psychologists will tell you this, therapists will tell you this.
Real fulfillment comes from personal growth.
When you and I are growing on the inside, when we're having personal growth,
not just our business or corporation or our team or whatever we're doing, but when we have personal growth, that brings full satisfaction and fulfillment.
So that should be your goal and my goal.
Do you mind if I set your goal for you this year?
Is to have personal spiritual growth.
And as a result, you'll be fulfilled.
And as a result, you'll be a good person to be around.
Can I have an amen?
So say strong faith.
Now, I'm teaching now, we're moving right into it.
Three things, to have strong faith, number one, you have to know who you are in Christ.
Now, we're notakers of church on the rock.
We bring our Bibles, we take notes, we follow along, we learn you'll retain more if you write it down.
Now, if you don't write it down, that's okay, but you can at least take your phone, click the picture on the screen and go home and study it.
But we won't have strong faith.
You see, Pastor, I need strong faith.
I'm going through a storm right now.
It comes three ways.
Number one, knowing who you are in Christ.
We call that identification, identity.
Number two, to have strong faith, you have to know what you have in Christ.
Did you know the Bible says in the New Testament, 2 Peter chapter 1,
that God has given you and I everything we need that pertains to life and godliness.
He's given you everything you need to succeed in life.
It's on the inside of you.
You are incredible.
You are amazing in God's eyes because of Jesus and what He's done for us, our identity has changed.
And then what we have has been given to us everything you need to be the parent
The leader, the father, the mother, the husband, the wife, the son, the daughter, the entrepreneur, everything you need in life to succeed.
God has given to you and I already.
That's what the Bible says.
So say strong faith.
So strong faith, number one, to have it, I have to know who I am in Christ.
Number two, I have to know what I have in Christ.
And number three, I have to know what I can do in Christ.
And the Bible says, you can do all things through Christ who strengthens you.
You are a can-do person.
Can I have an amen?
I can.
That's what it means for a 13.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Strong faith, you need those three things.
To know who you are, to know what you
have and to know what you can do.
You with me, family?
Does that sound familiar then?
In every service when I'm teaching, I say, this is my Bible.
Come on, help me out.
This is my Bible.
Come on, let's all say it.
I am what it says that I am.
It's your identification.
I have what it says I have.
I can do what it says, I can do.
You see what I'm doing every service?
I'm releasing strength into your walk.
I'm not doing it to take up time.
I'm not doing it because John Osteen did it every time he taught.
I'm doing it to release strength into your life because strong faith comes from those three things.
Know who you are, know what you have, know what you can do in Christ.
And if you focus on that and you feed on that, you have
strong faith.
Today, I will be taught the uncompromised word of God.
My mind's alert.
My heart's receptive.
I'll not leave the same as I came in Jesus' name.
And every time I come to church on the rock, my faith and my life gets stronger and stronger.
If you believe it, give God a thank you.
Come on, let's praise Him.
Amen.
We're in a series every year in January.
We talk about what church on the rock is or this is church on the rock because it's real important the church you attend and everyone needs to be part of a local church.
You can't grow without a local church.
You can get born again in a whorehouse.
You can get born again in a bar.
You can get born again on a street corner.
You can get born again anyplace, but you can't grow without a local church.
That's Bible Ephesians 4.
And you need to be in the right church for you and your family.
You need to be in the right church where you and your family can grow spiritually.
There's so many churches.
There's one for everybody, isn't there?
You know, I don't know if you've counted, but if you come to church on the rock off of 70 and you get off that exit, from that exit to our church, we're the seventh church.
Just on this road out here, Salt Lake Road, we're the seventh church from Interstate 70.
So there's so many churches on every street corner, and you have to be in the right church, and you have to be in agreement with the vision of that church, the culture of that church, and what that church believes.
Now, if you're new to our church and you say, boy, this is good, I wanna know, I'm getting planted in church on the rock, but I wanna know what church on the rock believes.
Well, you can go to our website, cotr.org, and it has a list there of what we believe.
our values and our vision, our core beliefs, and where we're headed.
You can go to our website and you can find out right there.
But it's really important that you know what church on the rock is.
Why we're here.
Why 42 years ago Kim and I came and planted this church with 35 people in the St. Peter's library.
You need to know who is church on the
rock.
So Neil kicked it off, and I'm this weekend, another weekend, and Daniel will finish it this month, but is that okay with you?
If we just talk about who he is, who we are, amen.
So let's get right to it.
So church on the rock is a place where you can learn the skill of being a doer of God's Word.
Well, you can learn the skill of being a doer of God's Word.
Family, I grew up in the church and I saw a lot of people in church never growing.
I saw a lot of people in church staying the same old, same old, every January of every year.
And that bothered me growing up in the church.
That bothered me to see the people deal with the same problem, the same issue, the same addiction, the same habit, year after year, January after January, making new years resolutions but never achieving them and never growing.
That bothered me.
because they were good people and they would be faithful every time the doors were open.
But a lot of them were same old, same old every year.
That bugged me.
And then I come to find out that going to church doesn't make me a Christian.
Going to church doesn't guarantee my growth.
Going to church doesn't guarantee the trajectory of my life moving in the right direction, growing spiritually.
It's not hearing the sermon,
It's applying the sermon to my life.
It's not a hearing scripture.
It's applying the scripture to my life.
I'm not blessed in hearing the word.
I'm blessed in doing the word.
And so church on the rock is a place where you can learn the skill.
And by the way, family, it's a skill.
It's not a gift.
It's a skill.
And what does it mean when you say skill?
It can be taught.
It has to be taught.
It's not automatic.
It's not genetic.
It's not passed on from one generation to the next.
You have to learn to become a doer of the word of God.
It works like this.
Every time you come to church on the rock, now we have four services on the weekend.
Every time you come, you should come with the idea of what am I going to learn today
that I can apply before I get off this campus.
What can I learn today that I can apply before I get off this campus?
That's being a doer of God's word.
Did you know in the Bible in the book of Hebrews chapter four, it says that we need to skillfully handle the word of truth.
The word of truth is the Bible.
Notice there's a skill in knowing how to interpret it, accept it,
Agree with it and apply it to my life.
It's a skill.
It's not a gift.
It doesn't happen automatically.
I have to be in an environment and an atmosphere that will teach me how to skillfully use the Word of God in everyday life.
You're with me, family.
Church on the Rock is a place where we learn how to overcome every storm life throws at you.
Church of the Rock is a place when you come here, you're going to learn how not to be a victim, but a warrior.
Tomorrow morning, we've all got battles.
We're all going through things.
Last night, after the service, I'm in the bookstore.
A sister walks up to me.
She's crying.
She said, Pastor, I needed this tonight.
She goes, I needed to hear this message.
She said, because four weeks ago, my husband and I had been married 24 years.
And four weeks ago, my husband died of post-rate cancer.
I'm in the biggest storm of my life, Pastor.
I have four children, and now I'm a single mother.
I'm a widow with four kids.
I'm in the midst of a storm.
And what you said tonight helped me out to overcome the storm I'm in.
Church of the Rock is not a place where you're going to be patty caked and allowed to stay a victim.
but we're gonna help you get up tomorrow morning and be a warrior and not be a victim, but be a victor.
That's what we're all about at church on the rock.
We're gonna help you overcome every storm life throws at you.
Number three, church on the rock is a place where you learn how to build a life that will last.
How to build a life that we'll ask.
I have two questions.
Number one, what are you building?
And number two, what are you building upon?
Are you building a marriage, a family, a business, a ministry?
Okay, but what are you building it upon?
You and I want to learn how to build a life, a marriage, a family, a business, a career, a ministry that will outlast every storm life will throw at us.
We want to build a life that will last.
We want to build a life that will outlast every storm, your marriage goes through, your children go through, your health, your finances, your emotion, your career, your job, your ministry.
Church on the rock is a place where you can learn how to build a life that will outlast every storm you go through.
So the text that we built this whole ministry on for 42 years
is the Word of God, it's Matthew 7, 24 through 28.
And look on the screen, you need to know the Scripture because this is where we got the name of our church, church on the rock.
You see, you want to build your life on the rock, on that solid rock, on Christ, the solid rock I stand, all other ground.
Anybody remember that song?
It's a song, it's an old song.
On Christ, the solid rock I stand, or other ground is sinking sand.
We have two builders here.
One is wise, one is foolish.
Two people come into church.
One is building their life that will outlast every storm, and the other is building their life on things that aren't a good foundation.
So let's look at it.
Everyone who hears my teaching
When you come to church, it's okay for preaching, but preaching is for sinners.
And teaching is for saints.
We need both.
We need preaching and teaching.
Preaching is for sinners.
Teaching is for saints.
And notice Jesus said, everybody who hears my teaching and you apply it to your life.
So you should be sitting here today.
How can I apply what pastor is teaching today?
How can I take one principle and apply it to my life immediately?
Everyone who hears my teaching and applies it to their life can be compared to a wise person who built their house on unshakeable foundation.
I like that because life will throw things at you that will try to shake you up.
And if you have the right foundation, if you're grounded and founded on the right foundation, you are unshakable.
Say it with me, please, unshakable foundation.
Oh, I like that.
When the rains come, not if, but they're coming storms.
When the rains come, not if, but they're coming this last week.
I had one of my friends.
that used to attend our church that was over an entire ministry here in our dream team.
Years ago, well, last week he was killed on a motorcycle accident on Salt Lake Road.
But one of my friends used to be a member of our church, used to lead the dream team, used to be over a ministry, riding his motorcycle right out here was killed, one of my friends last, storms come, tragedy happens, hurt comes, offense,
persecution, accusation, depression, oppression.
It comes.
But at church on the rock, you will learn how to outlast and overcome every storm life throws at you.
When the dust settles, you'll still be standing because you have built your life that will last on an unshakable foundation.
When the rains fell, the floods came.
fear swings, beating upon his house, it stood firm because of a strong foundation.
Can you see that with me, please?
Strong foundation.
So the person who hears the Bible being taught and says, how can I apply that principle immediately in my life is a doer of the word of God.
And that person is building their house on the rock, church,
on the rock, church on the rock.
Church on the rock is a place that will teach you how to build your house on the rock, on a strong, unshakeable foundation, on a strong, unshakeable foundation.
Foundation is really important.
Being grounded is really important.
Amen.
You know, I don't know if you've heard the term grounding.
Anybody heard that term grounding?
A few of you, you know, I'm into health and longevity, health and longevity.
And a few years ago, Kim and I had a doctor over in St. Louis.
She was a medical doctor, but then she became a nutrition doctor through nutrition only, not medication, but through nutrition.
So we would meet with her.
And one day she said to me, pastor, have you ever heard of grounding?
I said, no, fill me in.
She said, you know, it's when you go on the beach barefooted and you walk in the sand, she goes, that's grounding.
Wow.
She goes, doesn't it feel good when you do that?
I said, yeah.
She goes, that's grounding.
Something happens when you are in grounding.
You're barefooted on the sand.
You need to get, you can't go to the beach, so get a sandbox.
This is what she said.
Get a sandbox, put it in your backyard, and go out there every day, take your shoes and socks off, and walk in that, and that's grounding.
Now, here's the medical doctor.
She said, you know the benefits of being grounded and founded?
Do you know the benefits of grounding?
I said, no.
She said, grounding, grounding will give you less stress.
Less stress.
Oh, I like that.
She said, another benefit of grounding, she goes, you will sleep
better at night.
Whoa.
A benefit of grounding, less stress.
I'm in.
Better sleep.
And as you know, Daniel and Steven, we work out five, six days a week, CrossFit, and we get pains and eggs.
She said, you know what?
In your workout, she goes, grounding helps you recover from pain quicker.
I go, wow.
She said, grounding all the benefits.
She goes, you need to look it up.
And the benefits of grounding better sleep, less stress, recovery.
She said, grounding affects your blood pressure.
And it went on and on and on.
She said, you need energy.
You're preaching all those services on the weekend.
She said, grounding increases your energy.
I said, I'm all in.
I want to be founded on the right thing, grounded on the right.
That's a big deal.
I don't know if you've heard lately, but Nike, Nike just do it.
Nike just came out with some tennis shoes called grounding tennis shoes, cutting edge, Nike.
That's a big deal.
So in the natural, what you're grounded on or what you're founding your health upon has benefits if you do it the right way.
So make that analogy that if we'll be grounded and founded on the Word of God, it has benefits as well.
gonna have an amen.
So we go on to the foolish person, and the foolish person, it says there in verse 26.
But everyone who hears my teaching and does not apply it, see, that's what bugged me growing up.
Seeing believers who love the Lord and they love the local church, but they never applied what they heard on Sunday.
And that used to bother me because I saw no growth in their life.
But everyone who hears my teaching on Sunday and does not apply it to your life, you're compared to a foolish person who built your house on the sand.
And it rained and it rained and the floods came, not if they're coming.
And the wind and the waves beat upon that house and it collapsed and it was swept away.
That's powerful.
It was swept away.
So I've watched over 42 years in our church,
It's amazing to watch that people go through a storm.
I've watched people go through a storm and they come out stronger, better, bigger.
But then I watched other people go through a storm and they get mad at me, the church and God and all the angels in heaven.
And they backslide and turn their back on God and they blame God.
You'll never have greatness through excuses.
You'll never be great through excuses.
You'll never be great with the blame game.
Blame, be lame.
And I watch people go through the same thing, a loss of a loved one, a loss of a job, poor health, loss of finances, lose their retirement, be lied upon, go through court cases.
Okay, I've seen some go through that.
And they built here church on the rock.
And they built a life that will outlast every storm.
Here at Church of the Rock, they've listened to my teaching and they've learned how to overcome every storm and be a doer of God's Word.
But then other people in the same seat, in the same auditorium, in the same service, go through stuff, get mad at God, blame God, curse God, and leave the church and backslide.
What's the difference?
Their foundation.
One hears the Word, applies it, the other hears the Word, and does not apply it.
So let's look at the benefits of being grounded or having a strong foundation.
When you have a strong foundation, look family, you take bigger risk.
And I've noticed in my own life, were my life really accelerated?
When I look back on my life, when my life really went to new levels, it was always when I took a risk.
It was always when I took a risk.
You never grow in the comfort zone.
Our church, when we took risk, that's when we catapulted to a next level.
You'll never move forward.
You'll never reach your potential.
You'll never do all God wants you to do without taking not presumption, not foolishness, but God-sized risk.
So people with a strong foundation, what would cause Kim and I 42 years ago to leave our denomination
We gave up our denomination.
We gave up our insurance plan.
We gave up our retirement.
We had with that denomination.
We gave up our friends.
They thought we were crazy.
Our family thought we were crazy.
Our friends turned their back on us when we came to plant their shirts 42 years ago.
Kim was pregnant with Stephen.
She had to go into the hospital.
We had no insurance.
It cost thousands of dollars.
When we started this church, had no idea what we were gonna make from week to week.
It's just what came in after we paid the bill at the holiday end.
What would cause us to take a risk like that?
Our feet was planted on the solid rock.
A firm foundation, a benefit of that.
We looked at the benefits of grounding, but now the analogy of the benefits of building your life on the rock.
Church on the rock is a place that will teach you how to build your life that will outlast every storm life throws at you.
And you'll take bigger risk, number two,
you'll keep moving forward into uncertainty.
You'll keep moving forward into the unknown.
A third benefit is you will grow in resilience.
People with a firm foundation, people who are grounded on the word of God bounce back because they know what they're going through.
They're gonna get through.
They know what they're going through.
God's gonna turn everything together for their good.
People with a solid foundation built their life on the promises of God.
No, this too shall pass.
And this is subject to change.
And God is working behind the scenes in my life.
So people with a firm foundation, a third benefit as they grow in resilience.
Number four, they overcome the storms of life.
Number five, they won't drift.
Daniel talked about drifting a couple of weeks ago.
You see, if my life isn't built on a solid rock on the foundation of hearing and doing God's Word, I'll drift with the current of the culture of the latest trend, the latest fad.
I'll be tossed to and fro by the waves of life, by the hurts of life, by the offenses, by the tragedy, by the letdown, by the disappointment.
I'll drift.
But when you have a solid foundation and you're a hearer,
and a doer of God's Word?
Guess what?
You have direction.
You won't drift.
You have vision.
You have a future.
The whole spirit on the inside of you knows your future.
Number six, a benefit of a solid foundation of building your life on the rock.
You will grow spiritually.
And remember, I told you at the beginning of the sermon that that's the number one key for fulfillment is personal growth.
Personal growth.
If I'm not growing, I'm unhappy.
But if I'm growing on the inside, I'm happy, fulfilled, and moving forward.
Number seven, you're going to finish strong.
You're going to finish strong.
Now, let's move on.
Thanks to remember in a storm, look out somebody and say this to them.
Remember this.
Look to somebody else and tell them, remember this.
things to remember in a storm.
Number one, stay a student.
Stay a student.
This is how you're a doer of the word of God.
I had someone ask me after service last night out in the lobby, and now Pastor, tell me again how to become a doer of the word of God.
I said, I gave you three points.
Number one, stay a student.
Be a lifelong learner.
Act on the word, stand on the word.
What does the word say?
A lot of people in a storm, they stop learning, and they start losing.
They stop learning, and they start losing.
So you ask yourself in the storm, be a student, and you ask yourself these four questions.
You with me, Church?
What can I learn from this?
Not why is this happening to me?
When my brother died years ago, he was six years older than me.
He was in his early 20s.
He just came back from the service.
He's in Morocco.
He was in secret intelligence.
He could never tell us what he did while he was in the military.
He came back from serving in the military.
A year later, he hit his head, had a brain tumor, and he died.
The church prayed for him.
The church fasted for him.
I said, God, why did you take my brother?
God never answered me.
God never told me why.
But you know what I learned from that?
I learned to ask now why, but God what?
What can I learn from this storm?
Because as long as I'm learning, I'm not losing.
Say it with me, I'm learning and winning.
Second question, where did I grow?
Where did I grow through this?
Third question, where did I get stronger?
See, be a student in the storm.
If I stop learning, I start losing because I get mad at God, I make excuses, I rationalize, I blame.
The next question is, how did I come through this better?
We should all come through the storms of life better.
That's what Church of the Rock is.
It teaches you how to do the hard thing and come out better.
Next question, the next thing is of the three, number two, stay in faith.
So number one was, stay a student, say do what, say a student.
What does the word say?
And you respond with the word, not with your feelings or your emotions, but with the word.
And then number two, you stay in faith.
Family, listen to me.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing the word of God.
Let's turn it around.
When I stop hearing the word,
Faith leaves my life.
When I stop hearing the word, faith leaves my life.
That's why we're doing the one-year Bible together.
That's why we've got to make it a habit every day to be in the Word and hearing the Word.
This morning, I'm up at 5.30.
And it's not the one-year Bible.
I've already done it, but I'm going through the Bible every three months, the entire Bible.
I have it on tape.
I'm taking a shower at 5.30.
I got that thing blasting.
I'm listening to the Word.
because I know that faith comes by hearing the word.
So faith comes by hearing the word, but when I stop hearing the word, faith leaves my life.
That's why I always say, seven days without the word makes one week.
Seven days without the word makes one week.
So in the storm, remember this, day a student, keep learning,
Don't lose, but keep learning and winning.
What can I learn?
Where did I grow?
How did I get better?
How can I apply it?
How can I share what I've learned with others?
And number two, stay in faith.
Why?
Because listen very closely.
God, everything he has, you and I get it by faith.
Everything God has, it comes to us by faith.
So when I get out of faith, God can't give it to you.
You have to stay in faith that's huge
Stay in faith.
For faith to work, it has to be in two places.
I'm showing you how to be a doer of God's word, how to build your life, your marriage, your ministry, your career, your leadership on a solid foundation, how to be grounded and reap the benefits.
For faith to work, most Christians don't know this.
For faith to work, it has to be in two places.
It has to be in my mouth and it has to be in my heart.
For faith to work, it has to be in my mouth, it has to be in my heart.
Romans 10 verse 8, but what's sayeth it, the word is neither even in your mouth.
The first, as the team comes out, the first corresponding action, the first corresponding action of being a doer of the word is your mouth.
The first corresponding action, the first sign of being a doer of the word of God,
is out of your mouth comes the word of God.
It has to be in your mouth and then it has to be in your heart.
Now, when I go out in the lobby and someone says this to me, Pastor, that was good, but I've heard it before.
I know it's only in their head.
Oh, I heard it for 42 years.
Pastor, that was good, but I knew all that.
And I heard that before.
That tells me it's not in their heart.
It's only in their head.
It's head knowledge.
And that's why it's not working in their life.
For faith to work, it's in your mouth first and then in your heart.
Being a doer of God's word, the first corresponding action, faith without action is dead.
Faith without action is dead.
The first corresponding action is the word, promises, scriptures coming out of your mouth.
And you keep saying it enough, it'll bypass your head and get in your heart.
Are you with me, family?
That's huge.
And number three,
Remember in the storm, I forgot the first one.
What was it, Staya?
And number two was, oh, staying faith.
And number three is what you say.
What you say in the storm is huge.
Now I'm gonna leave you with this because I'm out of time.
I can't finish the message, but look at this.
If your faith doesn't move your mouth, it won't move your mountain.
Mark 11, 23, aren't we just speak to the mountain?
We're not to pray to the mountain, we're to say to the mountain.
And being a doer of God's word, the first act is putting scripture in your mouth and declaring it to your problem.
A mountain in your life is something that it represents bigger than you.
A mountain in your life represents something that looks like it will never change.
Am I talking to somebody today?
Or it looks like it will never change.
Or it looks too big for you.
Well, that's what we call a mountain.
It's a problem.
It's in your way.
It's an obstacle.
You're not to pray it out of your way.
You're to say it out of your way.
And in Mark 11, 23, three times it says, say one time it says, believe.
So I should be teaching three times more on saying
than believing.
If my faith doesn't move my mouth.
In other words, if I don't have the energy, the initiative, the strength, the vigor, the vim, the discipline to start confessing the word out of my mouth, if my faith doesn't move my mouth, it will never move my mountain in my way.
Well, that's powerful.
And then one more thing I want to leave with you is that just because we have
and we're doers of God's word, and that's what church on the rock is.
We teach you how to do that.
But my faith, it can't always prevent a mountain.
My faith can't always prevent a mountain, a problem, an obstacle, but it can always move a mountain.
Your faith can always move a mountain.
But I leave you with this big thought.
If your faith isn't moving your mouth, in other words, if you're not confessing the word, mountains aren't going to move.
Obstacles aren't going to move.
You don't pray to get it out of your way.
You say to get it out of your way.
And at church on the rock, it's a place where we teach you the importance of your vocabulary, your words, your mouth, your tongue.
What you're saying is vital to your victory in a storm.
I'm done.
Did I help anybody today?
Last night, Saturday night service, that's only halfway through the sermon.
But I believe why I said what was supposed to be said today, where their heads bowed and our eyes closed.
So, so if my life is going to change this year, I've got to make different decisions than I made last year.
All change starts with a decision, followed by an action, fulfilled through commitment and resolve.
All change starts with a decision.
If I want this year to be different and I want it to be different in my life, your life, then I've got to make different decisions that I made last year at this time.
Followed by action, how this works, illustration,
has about eyes closed.
I decide this year, Pastor, that I want to grow spiritually.
Like you said, number one goal.
So you follow that with an action, go out into the bookstore, buy the one year Bible, and the journal.
That's action before you leave here today.
Then make the commitment, commitment takes you to your future.
And then you make the resolve.
As for me and my house, as a family, we're going to be the Bible through together this year.
come hell or high water, I make the resolve, we're gonna do that.
But everything starts with the decision.
And I just wanna ask you here and online, if you made the greatest decision you could ever make with your life, and that's turning it over to Jesus.
That's making the decision that you surrender to him your life for the life that he has for you, it's better.
That you say, I need you God in my life.
I need you in my world.
I need you in my life.
I want to serve you all the days of my life.
Last night's Saturday night service, we had 24 decisions in our second Saturday night service.
24 hands, 24 people making a life or death decision, and they chose life.
They chose Jesus.
So with our heads down our eyes closed, those of you online, UC Pastor,
I want to make Jesus the Lord of my life today.
Maybe for the very first time, I want to surrender my life to Him.
Or pastor, I want to reset my life.
I want to go to a higher level with commitment.
I've been drifting.
I want to get back on track.
I want God's direction for my life.
If that's you, a punch the button on the screen, faith is an act.
Here in this room, out in the lobby, the family lounge, the Rock Express, you'd say, pastor, include me in the prayer.
I want to make the greatest decision I could ever make, followed by action.
I'm going to lift my hand in a minute, pastor.
And then I'm going to take the next step and the next step, the pastor, including the prayer.
I want Jesus to be the center of my life.
I want to turn my love forward to him, or I want to reset my life at the very beginning of a brand new year.
Heads about eyes closed.
If that's you, just lift your hand right now.
Would you just, I care about you.
I love you.
God wants to do something great in your life.
Lift your hand up high.
That's action.
You made the decision.
It has to be followed by action being a doer.
Just lift your hand up high.
Wave it at me in every section.
Keep it up for a second.
Then you could put it back down.
Church, let's all pray this prayer together.
Let's pray.
It's in Romans 10.
We just read it a while ago.
Everyone together, Heavenly Father, I am a sinner.
I repent of my sin.
I believe
Jesus Christ is the Son of God that He died for me and He rose again.
Jesus, come into my life.
I receive you now as my Lord and my Savior.
Jesus is Lord over my life.
Fill me with the Holy Spirit and take my life and make a difference.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Let's look up and celebrate everybody.
Thanks for watching this week's message.
One way for you to connect your church in Iraq is through the God is for you classes.
These classes are designed to teach you about the culture, mission, and values of church in Iraq and about your God given this time.
You can take these classes anytime by going to our website at cotr.org slash God is for you.
And if you want to know about all the incredible things we have here at church in Iraq,
Make sure to visit our website at cotr.org.
And never forget, God is for you.